.\" $Id: wmpager.1x,v 1.2 2002/08/16 17:20:37 essmann Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2001-2002 Bruno Essmann <essmann@users.sourceforge.net>
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.TH wmpager 1x "2002 Aug 16" "wmpager-1.2"
.SH NAME
wmpager - Window Maker workspace pager docklet
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmpager
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B wmpager
is a Window Maker pager docklet that offers:
.PD 0
.IP \(bu 2
workspace switching for up to nine workspaces
.IP \(bu 2
automatic configuration according to the number of available workspaces
.IP \(bu 2
automagic adjustment to the currently active workspace
.IP \(bu 2
configurable look and feel
.PD
.SH OPTIONS
.PD 0
.TP
.B \-h \-\-help
Display usage and version information.
.TP
.B \-v \-\-verbose
Enable verbose message output.
.TP
.B \-d \-\-display \fI<name>\fP
The display to use (defaults to the 'DISPLAY' environment variable).
.TP
.B \-s \-\-size \fI<w>x<h>\fP
The number of buttons to display. The default depends on the number of 
workspaces you have, i.e. 2x2 for 4 workspaces, 2x3 for 6, maximum is 3x3.
.TP
.B \-w \-\-workspaces \fI<count>\fP
The number of workspace buttons to display. The default is the number of 
workspaces you have up to a maximum is 9.
.TP
.B \-t \-\-theme \fI<theme.xpm>\fP
The button theme to use. \fI<theme.xpm>\fP is either an absolute pathname
pointing to an 'xpm' theme file or a filename relative to the installation
directory (see option \-\-installdir). The extension '.xpm' in the file or
pathname is optional.
.RS
.PP
For more information on theme files see the entry \fIBUTTON THEMES\fP below.
.RE
.TP
.B \-i \-\-installdir \fI<dir>\fP
Specifies the location of the installation directory. wmpager looks for 'xpm'
theme files at this location. The default are '/usr/local/share/wmpager/' and
the user specific '~/.wmpager' directory.
.PD
.SH BUTTON THEMES
.PD
Depending on your WindowMaker theme you might want to use another
theme for wmpager as well. Use option '\-t' or '\-\-theme' to specify
the location of an XPM file (the extension '.xpm' is optional, it has
to be an XPM file though). If you use option '\-i', '\-\-installdir' or
have set the environment variable WMPAGER to the installation location
of the wmpager themes, then you may also skip the path to the theme.

Predefined themes: Well, I'm not much of an artist therefore I've only
included some themes to give you an idea of how a real nice theme 
might be done. Naturally, I use the built\-in theme and theme support
is only there because I have been asked to include it...

If you create a theme yourself please send it to me and I'll include it
in the next build.

The list of predefined themes in this release includes:
.PD 0
.IP \(bu 2
blue (the built\-in theme)
.IP \(bu 2
fire
.IP \(bu 2
gray
.IP \(bu 2
steel
.RE 2

Creating your own themes: If you want to create your own theme simply
take one of the included XPM theme files and modify it to your needs. 
If you really want to know, the format of the file is described below.

XPM file format: The XPM file has to be at least 102 by 71 pixels in 
size. The area 0,0 to 50,50 describes the background for the selected 
workspace, the area 51,0 to 101,50 for unselected work spaces. The 
area has to include a one\-pixel border that is used for all workspace 
buttons. From 0,51 to 89,60 are the digits used for the selected 
workspace (each 10x10 pixels, 1\-9 from left to right) and from 0,61 to 
89,70 are the digits for unselected workspaces. The digits may have
a transparent background.
.PD
.SH REQUIREMENTS
In order for wmpager to work properly you need to have your Window
Maker compiled with Gnome support. (I don't know if this is the case
for the precompiled Window Makers usually found in Linux distributions
since I usually build my Window Maker myself.)

wmpager uses the Gnome support messages sent out by Window Maker to
display the currently active workspace. Without Gnome support the
pager will not automatically adjust the currently active desktop.
.PD
.SH BUGS
.PD 0
To file a bugreport please use the bug tracking system at:
.TP
\fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/wmpager/\fP
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
.PD 0
Bruno Essmann <essmann@users.sourceforge.net>
.LP
\fIhttp://wmpager.sourceforge.net/\fP
.PD
.SH ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
.PD 0
Thanks to all at Ergon Informatik AG who are using wmpager and helped 
improve it!
.LP
\fIhttp://www.ergon.ch/\fP
.PD
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBwmaker\fP(1x)
