.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH WMACPILOAD 1 "March 26, 2003"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
wmacpiload \- A dockapp to monitor acpi battery status and cpu temp
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmapmload [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B wmapmload
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBWMacpiLoad\fP is a program to monitor battery and cpu temp. It is a dockapp 
that is supported by X window managers such as Window Maker, AfterStep, BlackBox, and
Enlightenment.

The CPU temperature is displayed in the top half.  The battery load percentage
is in the bottom half in two manner : number and graphic. Next to percentage
number are the on-line/on-battery and on-charge status. It has an LCD
look-alike user interface.
The back-light may be turned on/off by clicking the mouse button 1 (left)
over the application. If battery status is below a critical level, an
alarm-mode will alert you by turning on and off back-light. This can be
stopped (and restarted) by clicking the mouse button 3 (right) over the
application. An application can be launched when alarm is on to notify
user that level is too low.
By clicking with mouse button 2 (middle), the computer can be put in
STANDBY (default) or SUSPEND mode (with CONTROL key).

.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options
starting with two dashes (`\-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-d,  \-\-display <string>
Attempt to open a window on the named X display. In the absence of  this option,
the  display  specified  by the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable is used.
.TP
.B \-bl, \-\-backlight
turn on back-light
.TP
.B \-lc, \-\-light\-color <color>
back-light color (rgb:6E/C6/3B is default)
.TP
.B \-i,  \-\-interval <number>
number of secs between updates (1 is default)
.TP
.B \-a,  \-\-alarm <number>
low battery level when to raise alarm (20 is default)
.TP
.B \-h,  \-\-help
show help text and exit
.TP
.B \-v,  \-\-version
show program version and exit
.TP
.B \-w,  \-\-windowed
run the application in windowed mode
.TP
.B \-bw, \-\-broken\-wm
activate broken window manager fix
.TP
.B \-n,  \-\-notify <string>
command to launch each time there is alarm
.TP
.B \-s,  \-\-suspend <string>
set command for acpi suspend
.TP
.B \-S,  \-\-standby <string>
set command for acpi standby


.SH AUTHOR
WMACPILoad was assembled by Anthony Peacock <bratag44@hotmail.com> It is massively based on code by
Thomas Nemeth <tnemeth@free.fr>.  It is largely based on WMMemMon and WMCPULoad by Seiichi 
SATO <ssato@sh.rim.or.jp>, WMMemLoad by Mark Staggs <me@markstaggs.net> and wmapm by Chris D. 
Faulhaber <jedgar@speck.ml.org> Michael G. Henderson <mghenderson@lanl.gov>.
