.TH WMRADIO 1
.SH NAME
wmradio \- dockable FM radio for WindowMaker.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmradio
.I "[options]"
.B wmradio-remote COMMAND
.I "[param]"
.SH OPTIONS
.LP
.TP
.B \-q|\-\-dont\-quit
Start in "Don't quit" mode.
.TP
.B \-m|\-\-start\-muted
Start and don't open the radio device.
.TP
.B \-h|\-\-help
Print help page and quit
.SH wmradio-remote
is simple shell script. It writes commands into wmradio's named pipe.
Example:
.I wmradio-remote SET_PRESET 3
.SH wmradio-config.py
GUI application for setting wmradio
.SH Tunning
You can tune the radio by clicking into <left> or <right> buttons in
the skin. Fine tunning is posible to do by <control-click> in these buttons.
.SH Preset stations
Current frequency is stored in the buttons
memory by <control-click> in the station button .
When program quits trough the <power> button, all freq are saved in
the ~/.wmradio file.
.SH Mouse wheel support
In the diaplay the mouse wheel changes stations with names.
With <shift-wheel> it change frequency (<shift-control-wheel>
= fine tuning). In other place the Mouse wheel changes
the preset station.
.SH Normal mode
In this mode, program mutes the radio, closes the device and quits by clicking
into <power> button. <control-power> click close the device only, the program
doesn't quit. Next <control-power> click unmutes the radio.
.SH Don't quit mode
In this mode, program mutes the radio and closes the device by click into <power>.
Next <power> click unmutes the radio. <control-power> click terminates the program.
.SH Skins
Every skin is specified in two files. The XPM bitmap file and the text description file.
There are coordinates and dimensions of skin parts (as buttons and digits) in this
file. You can change the skin by editing your ~/.wmradio file.
.P
In the skin image is the background in left top corner. Default size is
56x56 pixels. Buttons and digits are around this. Button is defined by
6 numbers.
.P
name=xdest,ydest,xsource,ysource,width,height
.P
Other state of button (as pressed) must be next to normal state image.
Take a look at default.xpm and default.skin. xsource and ysource are
ignored in display line.
.P
Digits are specified with more dimensions
.P
digits=xdest,ydest,xsrc,ysrc,width_of_0,...,9,width_of.,height
.P
xpm line contains the name of bitmap
.P
Icon size is defided with two lines
.P
iconwidth=width
.br
iconheight=height
.SH FILES
.B ~/.wmradio
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Tomas Cermak
.br
<Tomas.Cermak(at)email.cz>.

