.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH WMTHROTTLE 1 "November 7, 2003"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
wmthrottle \- A dockapp to change throttle/performance state of cpu via ACPI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmthrottle [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B wmthrottle
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBwmthrottle\fP is a program to throttle cpu via ACPI. It is a dockapp that is supported by X window managers such as Window Maker, AfterStep, BlackBox, and
Enlightenment.

The top half of the app shows the 8 levels of throttling that can be selected
(0 = 100% CPU use). The bottom shows the current percentage of CPU allowed to be
used as well as a green,yellow,red indicator and graph indicator to further 
indicate how much of the cpu is throttled.


.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options
starting with two dashes (`\-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-d,  \-\-display <string>
Attempt to open a window on the named X display. In the absence of  this option,
the  display  specified  by the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable is used.
.TP
.B \-bl, \-\-backlight
turn on back-light
.TP
.B \-lc, \-\-light\-color <color>
back-light color (rgb:6E/C6/3B is default)
.TP
.B \-i,  \-\-interval <number>
number of secs between updates (1 is default)
.TP
.B \-h,  \-\-help
show help text and exit
.TP
.B \-v,  \-\-version
show program version and exit
.TP
.B \-w,  \-\-windowed
run the application in windowed mode
.TP
.B \-bw, \-\-broken\-wm
activate broken window manager fix (use this if you have problems running it in your window manager)
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-performance
use acpi performance instead of throttling
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-temperature
temperature threshold to start downclocking (to avoid fan noise)
.TP
.B \-e
temperature difference that will cause a state transition (default: 1)\n
.TP


.SH AUTHOR
wmthrottle was assembled by Anthony Peacock <bratag44@hotmail.com>
It is largely based on WMMemMon and WMCPULoad by Seiichi SATO <ssato@sh.rim.or.jp>, WMMemLoad by Mark Staggs <me@markstaggs.net> and wmapm by Chris D. Faulhaber
<jedgar@speck.ml.org> Michael G. Henderson <mghenderson@lanl.gov>, and wmapmload by Thomas Nemeth <tnemeth@free.fr>
