.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH WMLONGRUN 1 "March 13, 2002"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
wmlongrun \- A dockapp to monitor the LongRun(tm) status on Crusoe(tm)
processors.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmlongrun [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B wmlongrun
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBWMLongRun\fP is a program to monitor for LongRun(tm). It displays the current
LongRun(tm) settings and status: the frequency, the LongRun(tm) flags
(performance or economy), and the performance level (expressed as a percentile).

It is a dockapp (dockable application) that is supported by X window managers
such as Window Maker, AfterStep, BlackBox, and Enlightenment. It has two user
interfaces: an LCD look-alike user interface and an LED-interface.  If you
select the LCD-interfaces, the back-light may be turned on/off by clicking the
mouse button over the application.

.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options
starting with two dashes (`\-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-d,  \-\-display <string>
Attempt to open a window on the named X display. In the absence of  this option,
the  display  specified  by the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable is used.
.TP
.B \-bl, \-\-backlight
turn on back-light.
.TP
.B \-lc, \-\-light-color <color>
back-light color. (rgb:6E/C6/3B is default)
.TP
.B \-i,  \-\-interval <number>
number of secs between updates. (1 is default)
.TP
.B \-cd,  \-\-cpuid\-device <device>
specify Linux CPUID device ('/dev/cpu/0/cpuid' is default)
.TP
.B \-md,  \-\-msr\-device <device>
specify Linux MSR device ('/dev/cpu/0/msr' is default)
.TP
.B \-l,  \-\-led
run the application with LED interface
.TP
.B \-h,  \-\-help
show help text and exit.
.TP
.B \-v,  \-\-version
show program version and exit.
.TP
.B \-w,  \-\-windowed
run the application in windowed mode
.TP
.B \-bw, \-\-broken\-wm
activate broken window manager fix

.SH AUTHOR
Seiichi SATO <ssato@sh.rim.or.jp>.
