.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH WMBATTERIES 1 "November 10, 2003"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
wmbatteries \- A dockapp to monitor status of up to 2 batteries and cpu temp
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B wmbatteries
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBwmbatteries\fP is a program to monitor status of two batteries and cpu temp using
ACPI (http://acpi.sf.net). It is a dockapp 
that is supported by X window managers such as Window Maker, AfterStep, BlackBox, Fluxbox and
Enlightenment.

In the top half the sum of the remaining time of all existing batteries ist
displayed when the system runs in battery mode. Otherwise, the time
is displayed, until the currently charging battery is complete charged.
When on AC and the batteries are not charging, 00:00 is displayed.
Below, current capacity of availible batteries is displayed in percent and in form of bars.

In the bottom half, there are 4 indicators: The left is shown when on AC. 
The two battery symbols in the middle are shown when the corresponding
battery is discharging, and animated if it is charging.
The animation speed may be set with the -s option.
On the right there is an indicator which is displayed when the remaining capacity
of all batteries is less than a certain (default:20) percentage of the 
maximum capacity of all batteries.

The last line may be used to display either CPU temperature or the current power consumption.
The mode of the last line may be set with the -m option. when -m s is given, the display 
switches between cpu temperature and power consumption in a certain time (option -ts).
That line may also be switched manually by rightclicking in the dockapp.

The back-light may be turned on/off by clicking the mouse button 1 (left)
over the application. If battery status is below a critical level, an
alarm-mode will alert you by turning on and off back-light. 

wmbatteries makes use of a config file which may be given via command line
option ,$HOME/.wmbatteriesrc or /etc/wmbatteries, whichever comes first.
An example may be found in the source distribution of wmbatteries.

.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options
starting with two dashes (`\-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-d,  \-\-display <string>
Attempt to open a window on the named X display. In the absence of  this option,
the  display  specified  by the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable is used.
.TP
.B \-bl, \-\-backlight
turn on back-light
.TP
.B \-lc, \-\-light\-color <color>
back-light color (rgb:6E/C6/3B is default)
.TP
.B \-i,  \-\-interval <number>
number of secs between updates (1 is default)
.TP
.B \-c,  \-\-config <string>
config file to use, otherwise $HOME/.wmbatteriesrc or /etc/wmbatteries will
be used
.TP
.B \-a,  \-\-alarm <number>
low battery level when to raise alarm (20 is default)
.TP
.B \-h,  \-\-help
show help text and exit
.TP
.B \-v,  \-\-version
show program version and exit
.TP
.B \-w,  \-\-windowed
run the application in windowed mode
.TP
.B \-bw, \-\-broken\-wm
activate broken window manager fix
.TP
.B \-n,  \-\-notify <string>
command to launch each time there is alarm
.TP
.B \-s,  \-\-suspend <string>
set command for acpi suspend
.TP
.B \-S,  \-\-standby <string>
set command for acpi standby
.TP
.B \-m,  \-\-mode [t|r|s]
set mode for the lower row , 
t=temperature,r=current rate,s=toggle
.TP
.B \-ts,  \-\-togglespeed <integer>
set togglespeed in seconds
.TP
.B \-as,  \-\-animationspeed <integer>
set speed for charging animation in msec
.TP
.B \-hs,  \-\-historysize <integer>
set size of history for calculating average power consumption rate
.SH AUTHOR
wmbatteries was assembled by Florian Krohs <florian.krohs@informatik.uni-oldenburg.de>
