.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH WMMEMLOAD 1 "April 3, 2002"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
wmmemload \- A dockapp to monitor memory/swap usages
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmmemload [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B wmmemload
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBWMMemLoad\fP is a program to monitor memory/swap usages. It is a dockapp that is supported by X window managers such as Window Maker, AfterStep, BlackBox, and
Enlightenment.

The current memory usage is displayed in the top half.  The swap usage
is in the bottom half. It has an LCD look-alike user interface.
The back-light may be turned on/off by clicking the mouse button over the
appliacation. If the usage hits a certain threshold, an alarm-mode will alert
you by turning on back-light.

.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options
starting with two dashes (`\-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-d,  \-\-display <string>
Attempt to open a window on the named X display. In the absence of  this option,
the  display  specified  by the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable is used.
.TP
.B \-bl, \-\-backlight
turn on back-light.
.TP
.B \-lc, \-\-light\-color <color>
back-light color. (rgb:6E/C6/3B is default)
.TP
.B \-i,  \-\-interval <number>
number of secs between updates. (1 is default)
.TP
.B \-b,  \-\-ignore\-buffers
ignore buffers. (GNU/Linux)
.TP
.B \-c,  \-\-ignore\-cached
ignore cached pages. (GNU/Linux / FreeBSD)
.TP
.B \-wr,  \-\-ignore\-wired
ignore wired pages. (FreeBSD)
.TP
.B \-h,  \-\-help
show help text and exit.
.TP
.B \-v,  \-\-version
show program version and exit.
.TP
.B \-w,  \-\-windowed
run the application in windowed mode
.TP
.B \-bw, \-\-broken\-wm
activate broken window manager fix
.TP
.B \-am,  \-\-alarm\-mem <percentage>
activate alarm mode of memory. <percentage> is threshold of percentage from 0
to 100.(90 is default)
.TP
.B \-as,  \-\-alarm\-swap <percentage>
activate alarm mode of swap. <percentage> is threshold of percentage from 0 to
100.(50 is default)

.SH AUTHOR
WMMemLoad was assembled by Mark Staggs <me@markstaggs.net>.  It is largely based
on WMMemMon and WMCPULoad by Seiichi SATO <ssato@sh.rim.or.jp>.
