.\" $Id: wmcpuload.1,v 1.2 2005-02-10 01:13:40 sch Exp $
.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH WMCPULOAD 1 "June 30, 2001"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
wmcpuload \- A dockapp to display CPU usage
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmcpuload [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B wmcpuload
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBWMCPULoad\fP is a dockapp that is supported by X window managers such as
Window Maker, AfterStep, BlackBox, and Enlightenment. It displays the current
CPU usage, expressed as a percentile and a chart, and has an LCD look-alike
user interface. The back-light may be turned on/off by clicking the mouse
button over the application. If the CPU usage hits a certain threshold, an
alarm-mode will alert you by turning on back-light.

.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options
starting with two dashes (`\-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-d,  \-\-display <string>
Attempt to open a window on the named X display. In the absence of  this option,
the  display  specified  by the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable is used.
.TP
.B \-t,  \-\-title <string>
specify title name
.TP
.B \-bl, \-\-backlight
turn on back-light.
.TP
.B \-lc, \-\-light-color <color>
back-light color (rgb:6E/C6/3B is default)
.TP
.B \-i,  \-\-interval <number>
number of secs between updates (1 is default)
.TP
.B \-c,  \-\-cpu <number> (GNU/Linux / IRIX)
CPU number to monitor (Counting starts with 0).
.TP
.B \-n,  \-\-ignore\-nice (GNU/Linux / FreeBSD / OpenBSD / NetBSD)
ignore a nice value
.TP
.B \-h,  \-\-help
show help text and exit
.TP
.B \-v,  \-\-version
show program version and exit
.TP
.B \-w,  \-\-windowed
run the application in windowed mode
.TP
.B \-wp, \-\-windowed-withpanel
run the application in windowed mode with background panel
.TP
.B \-bw, \-\-broken\-wm
activate broken window manager fix
.TP
.B \-a,  \-\-alarm <percentage>
activate alarm mode. <percentage> is threshold of percentage from 0 to 100.(90 is default)

.SH AUTHOR
WMCPULoad was written by Seiichi SATO <ssato@sh.rim.or.jp>.

This manual page was written by Gordon Fraser <gordon@freakzone.net>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
