.TH ascd 1 "17 may 1999" ascd
.UC

.SH NAME

\fBascd\fP \- An AfterStep and WindowMaker CD player

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B ascd
[
.BI \-help
]
.br
.B ascd
[
.BI \-version
]
.br
.B ascd
[
.BI \-themes
]
.br
.br
.B ascd
[
.BI \-geometry " geometry"
]
[
.BI \+/-withdrawn
]
[
.BI \-device " device"
]
[
.BI \-mixer " device"
]
[
.BI \+/-a
]
[
.BI \+/-p
]
[
.BI \+/-t
]
[
.BI \+/-B
]
[
.BI \-cue " time"
]
[
.BI \-ti " time"
]
[
.BI \-volume " volume"
]
[
.BI \-mvolume " volume"
]
[
.BI \-maxvolume " volume"
]
[
.BI \-minvolume " volume"
]
[
.BI \-fadestep " value"
]
[
.BI \-theme " theme directory"
]
[
.BI \+/-ia
]
[
.BI \+/-up
]
[
.BI \-showtitle
]
[
.BI \-showartist
]
[
.BI \-debug
]
[
.BI \-save
]

.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBascd\fP is CD player written to play audio CD's integrated in
afterstep's Wharf module or WindowMaker's dock.
\fBascd\fP handles mounted volumes, and opens and closes the tray.

.SH CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

.B -help, -h
     print a list of commandline options and exit.

.B -version

     print the version number and exit.


.B -themes

     print the list of installed themes and exit.

.B -geometry <geom>
     specifies the geometry of \fBascd\fP. The Geometry
     works like the standard X-Window geometry option.

.B +/-withdrawn, +/-w
    Turn on and off withdrawn mode. Use this option if
    you use ascd with WindowMaker.

.B -device <device>
     specifies the CDROM device which should be used by
     ascd. If "-DNO_DEFAULT_DEVICE" was set at
     compilation time this option will have no effect.

.B -mixer <device>
     specifies the mixer device. Works only if mixer
     support was enabled at compilation.

.B -cue <seconds>
     specifies the time -in seconds- for \fBintro scan\fP
     and \fBcue\fP modes.

.B -ti <seconds>
     specifies the timeout for the help texts. The
     default is 1 second.

.B +/-autoplay, +/-a
     Turn on or off \fBautoplay mode\fP. When this is
     turned on, ascd always wait for a CD, and play it
     automatically when inserted.

.B +/-autoprobe, +/-p
     Turn on or off \fBautoprobe mode\fP. This mode
     checks for inserted CD. Default is on.

.B +/-autorepeat, +/-t
     autorepeat mode: when ascd reaches the end of the
     last track, the CD is not stopped and first track
     is played.

.B +/-B
     This option is no longer supported.

.B -maxvolume <value>
     Set the CD driver max volume.

.B -minvolume <value>
     Set the CD driver min volume.

.B -volume <value>
     Set the CD driver volume, between 0 and maxvolume.
     Note that the -volume option in independant from
     the mixer. It controls the drive, not the sound
     card.

.B -mvolume <value>
     Set the CD driver volume for the mute mode.

.B -fadestep <value>
     Set the fade in/out speed. Default is 5. Greater
     values accelerate the fade.

.B -theme <theme dir>
     Specify the visual theme to use.

.B +/-ia
     When this option is enabled, AScd ignore the skip
     orders found in WorkMan database and read all the
     tracks of the CD.

.B +/-up
     When enabled, all the message (and the track title
     display) are forced in uppercase.

.B -showtitle
     Show the track title if found in WorkMan database.
     If the message panel is not large enough, AScd
     scrolls the title.

.B -showartist
     Add the artist name to the track title (-showtitle
     option needed)

.B -debug
     AScd verbose mode

.B -save
     Save all the settings and exit. Usefull to 'make' a
     new configuration file: set all the stuff you want
     to set and put -save as last commandline option.
     Example:

     ascd +w +a -device /dev/cd0c -save

     Then, you just call ascd without arguments, it will
     use the settings you just saved.

.SH FILES

\fBascd\fP stores its settings in ~/.ascdrc.

The theme files are usually stored in /usr/local/share/AScd.

.SH INVOCATION
\fBascd\fP can be called from one of many ways.  The most common invocation
is the command line:
.nf

	% ascd -device /dev/wcd0a +w +a &

.fi
With Afterstep, another way to call \fBascd\fP is from the window
manager:
.nf

	*Wharf - - Swallow "ascd" ascd&

.fi
This line, when placed in the \fI.steprc\fP file in the users home directory
will cause \fBascd\fP to use the shape extensions so that it will be a
button on the \fBWharf (1)\fP button bar under the \fBafterstep (1)\fP
window manager.

.SH COPYRIGHTS

Copyright 1999, Rob Malda and Denis Bourez. No guarantees or
warranties or anything are provided or implied in any way whatsoever.
Use this program at your own risk. Permission to use this program for
any purpose is given, as long as the copyright is kept intact.

.SH AUTHORS

Denis Bourez <denis@rsn.fdn.fr>
     application since 0.7
.br
Rob Malda <malda@slashdot.org>
     application until 0.6
.br
Dirk Foersterling <milliByte@DeathsDoor.com>
     WorkMan maintainer
.br
Steven Grimm <koreth@Hyperion.COM>
     WorkMan maintainer until 1.3
.br
Erik O'Shaughnessy <eriko@austin.ibm.com>
     AIX platform device driver
.br
Michael Kurz <mkurz@rzws.fh-aalen.de>
     changes and man page until 0.6

.SH MORE INFORMATION

<URL:http://worldserver.oleane.com/rsn/>
.br
<URL:http://CmdrTaco.net/>
